Title            : ifdnfc
Authors          : Frank Morgner <morgner@informatik.hu-berlin.de>
Version          : 0.1.3 (9 june 2010)
License          : See file COPYING
Tested Platforms : Linux 2.6 (Debian, Ubuntu)

Welcome to ifdnfc.  This project provides a chip card interface device driver
for the PC/SC Lite server deamon (pcscd). The driver provides a standard PC/SC
interface to NFC devices supported by libnfc.

ifdnfc supports ATR generation for ISO14443-A (NXP MIFARE) and ISO14443-B.
Thanks to Henryk Plötz, whose python implementation of the ATR generation
exemplified the algorithm.


INSTALLATION
------------

See file INSTALL.


USAGE
-----

When the ifd handler is loaded by pcscd it is inactive by default. The program
ifdnfc-activate activates checking for libnfc devices and tags. On success
ifdnfc-activate returns 0 and prints the current status of the ifd handler. On
error the program returns 1 and prints an error string.

Note that there is a possible dead lock when shutting down pcscd: when the
shutdown interrupts ifdnfc with a pending call to libnfc, ifdnfc may wait
indefinately for the libnfc function to return.  That is because libnfc itsself
is a client of pcscd and its new calls are no longer accepted by pcscd.
Therefor it is recommended to deactivate ifdnfc with `ifdnfc-activate no`
before shutting down pcscd.


SUPPORTED HARDWARE
------------------

All NFC devices supporeted by libnfc can be used by ifdnfc as smart card reader.
Quoted from libnfc.org:
    The supported NFC hardware devices are the ACS ACR122(U) NFC reader and
    various NFC-dongles. In principle all hardware based on the NXP PN53x NFC
    Controller chip is supported. Check the compatibility for more info.

Connections to ISO14443-A (NXP MIFARE) and ISO14443-B passive and emulated
smart cards are currently supported. All other modulations or smart card types
are untested, but they might work with a few adjustments on the source code.


QUESTIONS
---------

For questions, please use http://sourceforge.net/projects/ifdnfc/support
